# ObjComparison-Reflection
CS542 Design Patterns  Spring 2015  PROJECT ASSIGNMENT NUMBER 05 README FILE    Due Date: Friday, May 4th.  Submission Date: Friday, May 4th.  Grace Period Used This Project: 0 Days  Grace Period Remaining: 0 Days  Author   : Vinayak Subhash Pingale  e-mail   : vpingal1@binghamton.edu    PURPOSE: Project requirements: Design a Java class, First, in the following way: 2 private data members int IntValue; String StringValue; empty constructor define the public method void setIntValue(int iIn) {... } define the public method void setStringValue(String sIn) {... } Design a Java class, Second, in the following way: 2 private data members double DoubleValue; int IntValue; empty constructor define the public method void setIntValue(int iIn) {... } define the public method void setDoubleValue(double dIn) {... } Define a class PopulateObjects that has data structures (as data members) to store instances of First and Second. Choose the data structure(s) that are efficient to determine the total number of non-duplicate object instances, and the total number of object instances (includes duplicates). PopulateObjects should have a method deserObjects(...) to read data member values from an inputFile and accordingly create instances of First and Second. Decide the appropriate return value and parameters for the Populate the data structures with instances of First and Second. Read the following link about boxed primitives, Integer.TYPE, and Integer.class in the context of Java reflection. Generalize the above code so it works for both First and Second objects. For example, you need to set signature[0] value by looking up a map that returns "Integer.TYPE" for the key "int". Populate the data structure in PopulateObjects class withe instances of First and Second that are read from the file. Design and implement methods in the PopulateObjects class to return the number of non-duplicate instances of First and Second. Design and implement methods in the PopulateObjects class to return the total number of instances of First and Second. The Driver code should call the PopulateObjects class to populate the data structures and print output on the number of objects.
